Today I will see the tutorial of the work.
Chinese and functional my blade it
with more in the tutorial I explain and nobody
tutorial to start mtur alda
ballistic naify you need a
10cm piece of Cannes
2011 of 10 120 km 25 a car of 25 and I
I'm using Judith's spring but then
I'll explain better about the spring and it's
some scrap metal
I'm a breath
Then you'll see
The first step is to clean one of the sides
colin to leave one of the sides here
25 car well and inside the cap well and
here in the family also slightly up
can
clean with a wet cloth and
then b eca
now we will get hot glue and
stick the spring here in the middle a little
rock just down the street so when
fired
now about the springs is here is a fashion
Jorge is very weak, even his
easily squeeze and acid that I
bought for $ 5 r goal scored around
screw
she is a five times stronger than
help a little bigger
a few centimeters first neighborhood
I will not use this one I want to test the
How much you want to know?
make it easier to do the tutorial as well
It's after I do an act with that but
can be any coin as soon as it fits
here within the barrel of 25 and not
pass
Yes, very smooth here.
It's from here to almost here.
make a cover here but not that it is
very thin is one of the bar also once
I'm just like that
Now the circular path with Spring here
hot glue and I took that paste from
normal plastic and for having a square
in the car and pushed him
waiting to dry
I'm going to report the excess there if you have
to dry
now I paste it I looked the pipe here like
cane shape here in the cap even in the
where it smells normal glue assume little glue
and now expect to dry a little
reported excess
I'll cover up to half and tape
insulating
but for aesthetic reasons now that
It's all ready, it's already cut out.
I will measure how far is that the spring can
I like it so far in my case to do
mark it there and make a cut and
where is going to fit that business will go
hold on a trigger I did here
went to make a hole
and I'll compress it from here to the end
with the pen and made a for
slightly higher in the 20 barrel
So that's when I got a little bit
of meat board more of those fininhas
there are four girls I think I got one
little piano capful back of pen
this hole however is not
each spring entering from underneath
There you go and see the
block this one is crash if it is now
just make a lever like squeeze
get up and go out to make that lever
I'm going there with no gears nearby.
here more or less
It can be anything like this from plagiarism.
is that a thing but I had I found
and I'm going to put a piece of skin on top
and I'm coming back with super-glue gear
It was just to make lime UN here you
can do in any way now the
sleep state can get a connection
25 short and click here and push up
you can put anything
simple to make with hot glue and here
is the negative mechanism as defended
I cut that little bit more and
so hot glue and now I go
demonstrate the operation
now just squeeze it was a test of
distance it is raining so want
say that this platform that is
covered
from here to the end and eight meters in my
hand carried here at three meters to him
stayed in the 3 meters but with jouti fashion
very weak and lower than the most
finally it will not go far
The blade that goes there is
You did one day I saw that for me.
this is a late night final ball
I want nothing but the
irresponsibility
if something happens there
responsibility of all of you the danger
and etc but only need to do a media see there
I'll show you the team to shoot.
It's only you push to direct the ranking
with rack hangs in this business here was only
to ask for the time being that
she loves I want to leave a message
want a movie game object that I
I tried to imitate him in the cot in the game think
cool and but if you want to film game of
anime series anime
anything leave in comments
science absurd thing also not
functional only makes the emblem of
in his that no badge was not
functionality of a march at the time not
it was so
So this is it, I'll finish it now.
develop the final product of how
Everything's over before I finish I want to stay
because I did not spend enough time here
right to a rally place in the act of
people are flying and now we are going to
the final product
here is the final product
looking like a raccoon here but has
problem is no longer the dynamo playing of
kiev to an electrical tape รณ and that I was
do not forget I did not like it underneath
here I think I sign up by clicking here
This helps a lot, it does not cost anything.
if you want to take the project like this
leave in comments and if you can too
favoritism is this I like to write is
more important and this is when this
video is to reach 50 you guys I'm going to do
a version 2.0 that goes at least 10
meters and that's it
went